Kryddpeppar 	Legal 	As long as you're just using Allspice as a cooking spice, it's legal. Don't use the oil, see Allspice
Mandelsm,Av(Br 	Legal 	Almond butter with no sugar added is allowed.
Mandelmj,Av(Blk 	Legal 	May be tried after being on the diet for 6 months.
Mandelolja 	Legal 	 
Mandlar 	Legal 	Nuts sold in mixtures are not allowed, as most are roasted with a starch coating. Nuts should only be used as nut flour, in recipes, until diarrhea has subsided.
Ansjovis 	Legal 	 
,AD(Bppelmust 	Legal 	It is brown and not clear as apple juice is. It should be just straight pressed apples. It is usually pasteurized in order to kill bacteria. Cider should be diluted with water before drinking.
,AD(Bpplen		Legal 	 
Aprikoser 	Legal 	 
Kron,Ad(Brtskocka 	Legal 	They are the green artichokes that you steam, then dip the leaves in lemon butter and scrape off with your teeth. They have edible hearts and an inedible choke. See,
Askorbinsyra 	Legal 	Should be nothing but Vitamin C.
Sparris 	Legal 	Fresh or frozen is allowed. Canned vegetables are not allowed.
Aspartam 	Legal 	When symptom free, one aspartame sweetened soft drink per week is allowed - Elaine. But see Aspartame
Asparagainsyra 	Legal 	 
Avokado 	Legal 	 
Avokadoolja 	Legal 	Good for mayonaise and salad dressings but might not withstand heat very well
Bacon 	Legal 	Smoked bacon that has been fried very crisply is allowed once per week. There are sugar-free bacons available and if you are able to find a source of sugar-free bacon, you do not have to limit your consumption to once per week. Usually the low sodium varieties do not contain sugar but check the labels carefully.
Bikarbonat 	Legal 	 
Bananer 	Legal 	They must be ripe with black spots on the skin.
Lagerblad 	Legal 	 
Basilika 	Legal 	
N,Av(Btk,Av(Btt 	Legal 	Fresh and frozen are allowed as long as nothing has been added during processing; check the labels carefully.
R,Av(Bdbetor 	Legal 	 
B,Ad(Br 	Legal 	Berries of all kinds are legal.
Svarta b,Av(Bnor(?)	Legal 	May be tried when symptom free. Dried legumes must be prepared according to the instructions in the
book, Breaking the Vicious Cycle.'
Svart r,Ad(Bdisa 	Legal 	It is very fibrous, so go slowly and be careful.
Bl,Ae(Bm,Av(Bgelost 	Legal 	May be used occasionally.
Bok Choy 	Legal 	Bok Choy is much like cabbage and is legal but you should not use a member of the cabbage family until you are well on your way to getting better. In other words, do not use if you still have diarrhea and gas.
Bourbon 	Legal 	Only have it occasionally.
Paran,Av(Bt 	Legal 	Nuts sold in mixtures are not allowed, as most are roasted with a starch coating.
Brieost 	Legal 	May be used occasionally.
Broccoli 	Legal 	 
Brysselk,Ae(Bl 	Legal 	 
Sm,Av(Br		Legal 	 
K,Ae(Bl		Legal 	You should not use a member of the cabbage family until you are well on your way to getting better. In other words, do not use if you still have diarrhea and gas.
Vitm,Av(Bgelost 	Legal 	May be used occasionally.
Konseverad fisk	Legal 	Canned in oil or water is acceptable but check the labels carefully. Do not buy products containing "broth". Usually, the low sodium varieties do not contain "broth".
Konserverad frukt i egen juice 	See note 	Fruits canned in their own juice are allowed.
Rapsolja 	Legal 	Legal, but not recommended.
N,Ad(Btmelon 	Legal 	 
Kapris		Legal 	 
Mor,Av(Btter 	Legal 	 
Cashewn,Av(Bt 	Legal 	Nuts sold in mixtures are not allowed, as most are roasted with a starch coating.
Blomk,Ae(Bl 	Legal 	Cauliflower is sometimes hard to digest and should be tried cautiously after some progress has been made on the diet.
Rotselleri 	Legal 	However, you should go slow and be careful. It is very fibrous, even if it doesn't seem so when you steam it and mash it.
Selleri 	Legal 	 
Cellulosa 	Legal 	Cellulose in your supplements is okay and virtually impossible to avoid.
Mangold 	Legal 	

Chard (red, green, rainbow and swiss). Chard is similar to spinach/celery so it is legal. It also reminds me a bit of the cabbage family so use with caution if gas is still a problem
- Elaine
H,Ae(Brdost 	See Note 	If a cheese is not a processed cheese (manufactured) but is a cheese that has had a bacterial culture involved with its production and is aged at least 30 days. Elaine says its OK.
Cherimoya 	Legal 	Also known as custard apple or sharifa.
K,Av(Brsb,Ad(Br 	Legal 	 
Kastanjer 	Legal 	May be tried when symptom free. However, if you buy dried chestnuts, soak them and cook them until soft.
Korianderblad 	Legal 	 
Kanel		Legal 	 
Citronsyra 	Legal 	Citric acid as an additive is OK
Kolsyrat vatten	Legal 	 
Kokosn,Av(Bt 	Legal 	Fresh or unsweetened, shredded coconut and coconut flour are all legal.
Kokosmj,Av(Blk 	Legal 	May be tried after being on the diet for 6 months.
Kokosolja 	Legal 	Withstands heat well, good for frying/cooking,
Kaffe		Legal 	Coffee should be made very weak. Instant coffee is not allowed.
Gr,Av(Bnk,Ae(Bl 	Legal 	Of the cabbage family, introduce late in the diet
Colby cheese 	Legal 	May be used freely.
Majsolja 	Legal 	 
Zucchini 	Legal 	Also known as zucchini
Tranb,Ad(Br 	Legal 	We use Knudsen$(B!G(Bs Just Cranberry juice, as it has been checked out and does not have sugar added. It can be found in most health food stores. Juice should be diluted with water before drinking. Since this is pure cranberry juice it is very tart, you may sweeten it with saccharine or honey or dilute it with legal apple cider instead of water.
Cr,Ai(Bme fraiche	Legal	Hemmagjord
Gurka		Legal 	 
Cyklamat 	Legal 	It is actually a better alternative than saccharine, if you can get it, because it has no aftertaste. But it's almost impossible to find by itself, and certainly not available in NA.
